Add alt text to Jupyter documentation (#1)
isabela-pf/jupyter: docs/source/contributing/docs-contributions/doc-new-build.md

Each GitHub repo has a Settings tab at the far right of the repo menubar. Navigate to Settings and then the **Webhooks & services** submenu tab.

> ![Settings and Webhooks & services submenu ](static/gh-webhooks-services.png "Screenshot of GitHub repo settings")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The ipywidgets GitHub repository's "Settings" tab has been opened, with the "Add service" submenu expanded. The "ReadTheDocs" menu item is highlighted to indicate where on the page this setting can be found.](static/gh-webhooks-services.png)
```

Reviewer 2: I'm working on this.

Reviewer 2: Oh, I see Peyton has this already.

### Add the ReadTheDocs service

Select **Add service** and enter *ReadTheDocs* in the **Available Services** input box.

The Services/Add ReadTheDocs window will open. Press the green **Add service** button to activate the ReadTheDocs service.

> ![Add ReadTheDocs service ](static/gh-add-rtd.png "Screenshot of adding ReadTheDocs service")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![In GitHub, the "Settings" tab of the ipywidgets repository shows that the "ReadTheDocs" service was successfully added to the project. A checkbox with the label "Active" indicates that the service is currently running.](static/gh-add-rtd.png)
```

> ![Add ReadTheDocs service ](static/gh-add-rtd.png "Screenshot of adding ReadTheDocs service")

Reviewer 2: I'm working on this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Add ReadTheDocs service ](static/gh-add-rtd.png "Screenshot showing ipython/ipywidgets GitHub repo with area labeled Services/Add ReadTheDocs. Text: Automatically build documentation hosted on readthedocs.org. The Add Service button appears below the Active checkbox.")
```

### Success

The ReadTheDocs service is added successfully. The service will take effect on the next merged pull request to the project repo.

> ![Service successfully added ](static/gh-rtd-hook-success.png "Screenshot of service successfully added")

Reviewer: I'm working on this!
```suggestion
![In GitHub, the ipywidgets repository page is open. A banner notification at the top of the page is displayed, reading "Okay, that hook was successfully created."](static/gh-rtd-hook-success.png "Screenshot of service successfully added")
```
